Do you ever struggle with
how to explain this job
to your parents?
Who's the hooker?
Me.
You know that I can do this.
This is not Quantico.
Can you get me up there?
Yeah,
I could do that.
Sanitation workers
found her.
Beaten. Stabbed.
Frank: We do what we do
and sometimes the heavens fall.
♪♪
You did what with
my targeting mechanism?
What do you think
we're doing here, Jurgen?
Jigsaw puzzles
and s'mores?
This is PELEUS,
not summer camp.
The mandate has always been
for defensive weaponry!
You think the Defense Department
is for defense?
What we've built here --
what happens when it gets
into the wrong hands?
We make what the Pentagon
tells us to make, period.
And it's called PELEUS,
Jurgen --
Projectile Engineering Lab.
Nerd fight.
Leslie: We need a slogan.
"If it flies, they dies."
You think this is a joke,
Leslie?
I think these chips
are a joke.
No salt?
What the hell's the point?
Loo-- relax.
Jurgen.
We did what we said
we were gonna do.
Now all we got to do
is show it to the generals
and we all get a vacay.
Jurgen ain't gonna make it.
What do you mean?
I like Jurgen.
I do.
They been recruiting goobs like
him at this place for 50 years,
but things are
different now.
The world is different.
It's like plotting
the trajectory
of a Lorenz attractor
in phase space.
I get it. Great at sports,
not so good at math?
Hey,
I aced pre-calc.
Okay, genius.
Um, let me "pre-calc" it
for you.
Unintended consequences.
The things we do here,
they don't just
blow up over there.
They can blow up
right here --
in a mall, at a concert,
in a school.
Jurgen's not exactly wrong.
He's just a little --
Little what?
Late.
What's up?
Harry and Ryan found whiskey
in the radio cabin.
Of course they did.
They better save me some.
You better stay focused.
A little après-ski
never killed anybody.
Some snow,
fireplace, whiskey.
Skiing?
That's for amateurs.
Owen sent us up here
for a reason.
Whatever this Project Werewolf
is they created,
we're supposed to
protect it.
Eyes ahead, Romeo.
You should be
on my side in this, Leslie.
What I should be doing
is getting paid more.
You pretend you don't care,
but I know you do.
♪♪
Fedowitz:
There's an old expression --
The only way out of PELEUS
is when they choke you out.
-Hm.
There's nowhere
for him to go.
The interstate's
washed out.
The nearest airport
is 80 miles away.
I'll go talk to him.
We'll go after her.
And I'll be here.
No whiskey.
♪♪
What are they
fighting about?
He's having
a crisis of conscience.
Told him go back to his cabin
and take a breath.
What triggered this?
We work in groups,
and Jurgen's group
wasn't exactly told everything
about the project.
What exactly is this
Project Werewolf?
You mean
Project None of Your Business?
PELEUS doesn't even
officially exist.
Why do you think they got us
all the way out here?
'Cause even 50 years ago,
this place was barely a stop
on a third-tier rail line.
And have you seen the train
that stops through here?
It's like one of those
old-timey things.
It's got white people all,
"I'm the king of the world."
Isn't that the Titanic?
-That's every damn thing.
Look,
Jurgen's gonna cool off.
Everyone does eventually.
Hmm.
♪♪
It's me.
Man:
Changed your mind?
You can't ever
use my name.
Absolutely not.
You'll be
an anonymous source.
♪♪
Hey.
Storm system still
giving us satellite trouble?
Deep?
You can see
for yourself.
See?
We have thermal imagery again.
It's thrilling.
I'm gonna get some coffee.
♪♪
No, he doesn't. He's --
He's...just grieving.
It will be okay.
Hey.
Will you?
Oh, Jocelyn.
♪♪
What is it?
People should know.
This is
a defense sciences program.
We're supposed to make
defensive things.
Ryan, someone's standing
on the edge of the compound.
Check it out.
A half-klick north of you.
We've got a second
heat signature.
We're not supposed to be sowing
the seeds of our own deaths.
"For Peleus raised his shield
and swore vengeance on Discord,
who had cursed his wedding."
What are you doing here?
Miss the scoop,
miss the story.
If they find you here,
you'll be arrested.
They have a team in place?
Come on!
I would just like to
get a sense of the resources
the government
is throwing into this.
How many people
on the team?
What paper did you say
you write for?
You guys stay with them!
We'll check it out!
Yeah!
Jurgen, calm down.
I simply thought that this would
be better face to face.
Thought what
would be better?
This.
Hey.
No, no. The storm is eating
the damn sat feed.
♪♪
He's dead.
Same.
Owen, where's that
heat signature now?
We've got no image.
It's gone.
Damn it!
♪♪
One of you want to tell us
what the hell's going on?
The camp's
been compromised.
What do you mean,
"compromised"?
I thought you had people
on the satellite.
We do, but for now, we need to
evacuate you immediately,
along with your prototype.
Where's Jurgen?
He's dead.
Dead?
How?
He was shot
twice in the chest.
You get it now?
There's an assassin
in our midst?
How the hell did they
get in here?
Guys, if we're gonna do this,
we need to move now.
Everyone,
listen to me, okay?
You're the best
at what you do
and we're the best
at what we do.
Yeah, and if you want us
to get your prototype
safely to Fort Meade,
one of us needs to hold it.
From my cold,
dead hands.
Leslie,
the rules have changed.
We hold the prototype now, and
there's no room for discussion.
Trust me.
♪♪
Vickers: Okay.
What's the plan?
We got choppers coming in?
No. With the storms
hitting the coast,
they're either down
or otherwise occupied.
It'll take too long
to get out here.
No choppers?
What kind of evac team
are we getting?
You're looking at it.
We're just gonna
drive out?
Wait for the hostiles
to ambush us?
We can't drive.
The roads are washed out.
So you got
no exit strategy?
Well,
there is one option.
You're kidding me, right?
♪♪
All aboard!
The Catamount Classic
departs in five minutes!
You know,
this is brilliant.
I can live out
my steampunk cosplay
and Agatha Christie fetishes
all in one go.
You sure about this?
She's lasted 100 years.
She'll get us to Maryland.
With all these innocent
civilians along for the ride?
Jurgen's hit was discreet
and targeted.
Whoever did this was not
looking for collateral damage.
If you believe that,
I'll pretend to.
Ryan, Shelby, why don't you take
Fedowitz in the passenger car?
Harry, McQuigg,
you take Vickers
with the prototype
into the club car.
Leslie,
that leaves you with me.
Anything goes wrong,
we regroup in the dining car
and pivot from there,
okay?
Let's go.
Wait.
♪♪
You sure you got that?
Yeah, yeah.
Don't worry, Dr. Vickers.
Us Brits are very good
at hiding things --
joy, sadness,
impure thoughts.
I mean, I hid myself in a closet
for 19 years.
Just better hope
whatever's in that case
isn't contagious, Harry.
It's not.
We don't do bio.
Just remember this --
there are people
who would slaughter
every single person
on this train
to possess
what's in that case.
That's comforting.
♪♪
Assassins on our tail.
Charge of danger
in the air.
Something intoxicating about it,
no?
I'm feeling pretty sober.
Where are you from,
Ms. Wyatt?
Originally?
Georgia.
Ah, quite the peach.
You know, a large part of
science is observation.
Some people call us
"observationalists."
-Observe something else.
-Ryan.
Ah, the game is on.
Let the best man win.
You may have brawn, good sir,
but I have brain.
I'm flattered,
professor,
but your powers of observation
overlooked
the ring on my finger.
Hurdles, not walls,
as they say.
Oh.
I'm the husband.
Jocks win again.
Want me to throw that
in your bag?
Yeah, thanks.
♪♪
Idiot.
He's such an idiot.
Who?
Jurgen.
I mean,
that's just dumb, what he did.
Reaching out to
some phony-ass reporter
and getting killed
for it.
Did you find anything else
in his e
Well, he obviously felt strongly
about whatever you made.
We all feel strongly,
but he took the job.
We all took the job.
I mean, nobody was forced.
They talked to us about that
in training.
We all had
the same training.
He was so different.
I tried to tell him,
"Just sleep on it."
I mean, he's a reasonable guy,
but he didn't listen.
I couldn't stop him.
Sometimes, we all
have moments where we...
question what we're doing,
you know.
You just have to
take stock of --
Who are we talking about?
Jurgen or you?
I'm talking about you,
Leslie.
When I told my mother I was
gonna work for the Pentagon,
she practically
disowned me.
"All the things you could be
doing to fix the world."
She said it was immoral.
Blood on my hands.
♪♪
She a scientist, too?
No. PhD...
in janitorial arts.
Cleaning people's houses.
She and Jurgen would have been
thick as thieves.
Fedowitz: Complimentary beverage
for my Southern belle?
It's on me.
-I'm good, thanks.
Maybe a ginger ale
if you're feeling nauseous.
Who said
I'm feeling nauseous?
I saw the pregnancy test
in your bag.
What are you
talking about?
Shelby, come on.
How could you not tell me?
I'm telling you.
I don't have a pregnancy test.
You must have opened up
someone else's bag.
The team duffels
all look the same.
Well, it was full of
women's clothes
and, unless Harry's into
sports bras, then whose was it?
♪♪
She got hungry.
Everything
all right in here?
No...surprises.
Almost none.
Yeah.
You doing okay?
I'm fine.
Great.
Good.
Deep,
you got a second?
No.
I know Celine was your
closest friend here, but --
No.
She was
my only friend here.
That's just not true.
Hey. Hey.
I need you to tell me if you're
capable of doing this job.
I can do the job.
Well, let me clarify.
I need to know if I should be
putting you in a position
where you're responsible for
the lives of your fellow agents.
Understood. That's what
I'm trying to do right now.
May I go?
Sure.
♪♪
I tried to check in with Owen,
but now there's no cell service.
We're on our own.
Four more hours.
Guys,
we're slowing down.
Man on PA: Ladies and gentlemen,
we have a fire onboard.
You two stand fast.
Proceed to the nearest exit.
Do not disembark...
Sudden fire
forces full evac.
This feel off
to anybody else?
It's what I'd do
if I was planning an ambush.
Yep.
We were followed.
Shelby: Or tracked.
Guys, we can't leave the train.
We don't know what's outside.
We don't know what's in here,
either.
So we stay. For better or worse,
the train's a bunker.
We stay, we blow cover,
putting targets on our backs.
So we split up.
Harry, I'll take the case
and keep it over here.
Everyone else leaves,
okay?
No, DoD requires one of us to be
with the case at all times.
I'll stay.
-I'll stay.
Okay.
I'll keep Leslie.
We boarded together.
It'll be less suspicious.
Let's go.
McQuigg,
if this is an ambush --
Yep.
We are leading the cattle
straight to the killing floor.
-Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we apologize
for any inconvenience.
We appreciate your patience
while we locate the problem.
For your safety, please
step away from the train
and wait for
further instructions.
♪♪
No, I just -- I think it's
reckless for her to be here.
Because?
If she's pregnant.
It's reckless for
a pregnant woman to work?
No, this isn't normal work,
Shelby.
You're being ridiculous.
Okay, so if we had a kid --
let's say 5 years old --
you'd bring her with us
on an op?
No, of course not.
But that's different.
How?
What?
You said "her"
when you referred to our baby.
Our imaginary baby.
You want a daughter?
I haven't really
thought about it.
Sounds like you have.
Wait,
so is Alex seeing someone?
I don't know.
Why?
Are you not curious
who the dad is?
Not my business.
Harry: Anything?
All clear.
Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for your patience...
Woman: Nathan!
Nathan!
Nathan?
Can you help me?
I turned my head for a second
and my son ran off.
Sure. Yeah.
What's, uh --
What's your boy look like?
Do you think
he ran back on board?
♪♪
Kids do love trains --
Dr. Fedowitz, where is it?
2-1-2-5-5-5-4-3-8-8.
5-8-2-3-1-3-2-5-4-3.
8-5-8-5-1-3-5-2-4-2.
2-1-2-5-5-5-4-3-8-8.
5-8-2-8-1-3-2-5-4-3.
8-5-8-5-1-3 --
What are you doing?
It's a number scramble.
It's something I do
when I'm scared.
Started
when I was a kid.
It's how Mom knew
I had a gift.
Let me try it.
2-1-2-5-5-5-4-3-8-8.
Now give it back to me
scrambled.
1-8-8-5-3-4-5-2-2-5.
Damn. Not bad.
I have never seen anyone
outside PELEUS do that.
Conductor: Did you hear
the announcement?
Leave all personal belongings
behind and evacuate now.
Yeah, okay, listen --
Now, ladies,
I'm not going to ask again.
And leave all
personal belongings.
♪♪
Woman: Where is it?
Take me to it.
Right now.
Put your hands up.
I don't want to hurt you.
Slow.
♪♪
Hey!
Stop!
Get her.
Alex: Leslie, run!
♪♪
Radio.
She's not alone.
Leslie,
I told you to run!
"Leslie, thank you.
You saved my pretty ass."
Thanks.
The whole thing.
-Go on.
Leslie, thank you for
saving my pretty ass.
My pleasure.
Oh, hell no.
♪♪
Bye, Felicia.
-Hey.
"What the hell" is you would
have been a lot more useful
two minutes ago.
McQuigg: We should probably
get rid of the body
before the passengers
come back.
Gee, well, we don't want to
drag him out there
where we left the other one.
Yeah, we've been a little busy,
too.
Are you okay?
You're hurt.
Um, yeah, I'm fine.
Sit down.
Huh?
-Sit down.
-I don't need to sit.
I'm not asking.
Sit down.
Chivalry.
I remember that.
It's not chivalry.
More like tough love.
It's an expression.
Okay, well, hopefully,
Deep and Justin
can get an I.D. on this guy.
Grab his feet.
This guy is a lump.
Killed with his own gun.
A simple mechanism.
Ladies and gentlemen,
thank you for your patience.
At this time, all passengers
may board the train.
What did you mean by that?
"Simple mechanism"?
In 1789,
Joseph-Ignace Guillotin
told the French National
Assembly
that he had a better way
to put people to death
by means of
a simple mechanism --
the guillotine.
He'd later be put to death
using his own machine.
Irony or justice?
This about Jurgen?
It's about me.
The last thing
my mom said to me was,
"Just 'cause
you're the one
brought something
into this world
don't mean you get to
control it."
I wasn't ready
to hear that.
Anyway, I said a bunch of dumb
things and walked out the door.
That was two years ago.
What kind of daughter doesn't
talk to her mom for two years?
You're looking at one.
What do you think
Guillotin's mom thought of him?
McQuigg: Hey.
Everybody's
getting back on board.
Okay.
♪♪
Shelby: Alex.
This is weird, but do you have
a pregnancy test in your bag?
Yeah, I do.
Ryan found it.
Oh, God.
He thought it was mine.
I'm sorry.
Do you want
to talk about it?
It's probably nothing,
false alarm, but I --
But if you were sure, you
wouldn't have bought the test.
And now you're scared
to take it.
Look, I'm not scared for me,
Shelby.
Andrea.
If it's positive,
I'll have to tell him,
and he'll want
to be with me.
And that just puts him
and Isabella
in danger all over again.
I --
Maybe not.
Alex,
the Widow is gone.
And maybe now...
Shelby, look at where we are
right now.
There's always
another Widow.
Guys, I just did a head count
of passengers.
When I first checked,
there was 80.
Now there's 84.
I'm guessing those extra four
aren't the good guys.
I'm running the pic Harry sent
through the FBI database now.
Just trying to focus.
I'm just trying to give our team
some answers.
Owen: Then get to it.
Assassin's name
is Caspar Voigt,
former German
KSK Special Forces.
Don't, don't.
All right, so...
This guy's employed as private
security at Schaubb & Stieg.
Whatever that weapon is,
now we know who wants it.
Corporate spooks?
And this is just business?
Look, I don't care
what's driving them.
I care about
stopping them.
We're talking four assassins
and five of us.
We should be
taking the fight to them.
You want a hail of bullets
with civilians on this train?
Things go wrong,
innocent people get killed.
Or we could just give them
what they want.
♪♪
To be clear,
we're about to violate
Section 18, Articles 792 through
799 of the U.S. Criminal Code.
Four people have died for this
in the last 24 hours.
They saved my life, Wade.
Trust them.
♪♪
That's it?
No UFO parts,
no destroyer of worlds?
A target pistol?
Not just any target pistol.
A silver bullet.
The only thing that can kill
a werewolf.
Project Werewolf.
Cute.
What does it do?
Well, makes calls,
apparently.
In a manner of speaking.
You dial in
a cellphone number,
and the bullet finds the person
holding the phone.
Is that even possible?
We just took
the targeting technology
already found in our drones
and miniaturized it.
That was
Jurgen's expertise.
Leslie added
her own piece of wizardry.
An infrared sensor
that locates the heart.
Target dead every time.
Exactly.
This is
an assassin's weapon.
This could also be a perfect
choice for a mass shooter.
With a slight
modification,
this could be programmed to hit
anyone with a cellphone, right?
That was Jurgen's
problem with it.
And Jurgen had
a damn good point.
What are you doing?
Keeping it safe while you
put your big brains to work.
You're making us a weapon
right now.
During the Civil War,
they called it Soldier's Heart.
In World War I,
they called it shell shocked,
and today,
they call it PTSD.
Okay, I get that
you're just trying to help,
but I don't have PTSD.
Avoidance.
Trying to avoid thinking
and talking about
the traumatic event.
Avoiding people who remind you
of said event.
I'm not avoiding it.
I'm in it.
I talk to it
in the shower.
It crawls up my neck
when I'm not looking.
And I'm sure
it was worse for her,
but I didn't
have a choice in this.
She did.
Blame is irrational.
Then why do we have
a court system?
Courts?
Courts aren't about blame.
They're about rules.
If you break the law,
you're prosecuted.
If there's a conviction,
you're punished.
It has an end.
Blame has no end.
That's what makes it
irrational.
-Forgiveness.
Once you forgive someone,
truly forgive them,
it's over.
You release that burden
forever,
theirs and yours.
And what if
you can't forgive?
Oh, I don't have to tell you
it wasn't her fault.
You already know that.
Maybe I do need to tell you
that no amount of blame
you put on her
can match the blame
she puts on herself.
♪♪
Come on in.
I'm sorry, Leslie,
but I have to keep you safe,
and this is the best we've got.
Yeah, I feel real safe.
He's dead.
He can't hurt you.
You haven't seen
"The Walking Dead," have you?
Here, take this,
and keep it safe, okay?
How many more people got to die
for this thing?
This is not your fault.
-No.
The math
is pretty clear to me.
I'll be back, okay?
♪♪
Well, maybe if we get to
the back of the train,
we'll get better service
there.
Yeah, well, I don't want to
leave them alone
for too long, you know?
-Yeah.
Two men incoming.
Copy.
Dangle a shiny object.
It's practically Pavlovian.
♪♪
Blode schlampe!
Boom.
♪♪
It worked.
Yeah.
Better than expected.
So how come
we're stopping?
Well, you get your wish,
Dr. Vickers.
Storm opened up to the south.
Army Airborne's en route.
We're putting the three of you
on a helicopter
with Agent Doyle
as soon as it touches down.
Yo.
They'll take you
the rest of the way.
We still got two mercs
unaccounted for.
Well, the rest of us
will hold down the fort
until help arrives.
Where's Leslie?
Still in the sleeper cabin
with the body.
I'll get her.
Hey, Les.
♪♪
She's gone.
We searched the train
and swept the area.
No sign of Leslie.
A captain just informed me
JSOC's taking over.
A team's been deployed from
Fort Gillis to find Leslie.
To hunt her, you mean.
She stole a highly-classified
piece of government property.
That's treason.
They're authorized
to shoot on sight.
She could've been playing us
this whole time,
waiting for her chance
to get away with the weapon.
To do what with it,
sell it to an enemy?
No.
God, she's not a traitor.
She's just...
She's just lost.
Questioning what her mind
brought into the world.
Okay, where's that
gonna lead her?
Where's the one place you'd want
to be if you were lost?
Hey, Mama.
Deep.
Cherise Thomas,
mother of Leslie Thomas,
839 Winchester Boulevard.
Let Alex and the team know
I'm headed there now.
And he won't have backup.
♪♪
Hey, hey.
What's going on?
Coming with you.
You two
can work together?
♪♪
Leslie, what have you brought
into my house?
Same thing I bring into
everybody's house -- death.
I'm so sorry, Mom.
♪♪
Lord! You scared the living hell
out of me!
My team's outside.
We got to go.
Leslie,
who is this woman?
She's...a friend.
Leslie,
if we're really friends...
the prototype, please.
Please.
♪♪
Okay.
Stay here s--
Nobody move.
-Mama.
-Don't you be no hero.
♪♪
I count two, 12:00,
behind the wood pile.
They've got Alex
in their sights.
Ryan:
All right, on my count.
Three, two, one.
Alex: Get down!
Down!
Get out.
I'll draw their fire.
♪♪
Down!
Cavalry's here.
Man: Fire!
♪♪
Leslie, stay down!
Take cover!
♪♪
McQuigg: I don't understand.
Why'd they stop?
Leslie: Alex.
We have a problem.
Alex, I require the weapon
known as Project Werewolf.
Mama, I'm so sorry.
Alex:
Even if I give it to you,
how will you get out of here
with it?
Bruno:
Your team will stand down
or I will shoot
one of these women.
Your colleagues will
drop their weapons now.
-Please!
No, please!
Stop!
Alex, he has my mother!
If you think I won't do it,
you can ask Jurgen.
Alex, I'm scared.
I know, Leslie.
I know.
Drop your weapons now!
You really are an idiot.
What did you just say?
They don't care about her.
They only care about me.
I'm worth millions to them.
But the only way you get paid is
if you put the gun to my head,
tell them I'm the one
you're gonna kill.
You want the prototype?
That's how you get it.
Sit down, don't move.
Now you're thinking smart.
Alex,
he has a gun to my head.
Do you understand?
No, let her go.
Mama, it's okay.
It's okay.
You need to tell your people
to put their guns down now.
I'm really scared, Alex.
It's a number scramble.
It's something I do
when I'm scared.
What are we doing,
kids?
Well,
I hope she has a plan.
Alex: Let me try it.
2-1-2...
Alex: 2-1-2...
5-5-5...
4-3...8-8.
Bruno:
Put down the prototype
and walk outside
to join your friends.
Now, Alex!
Give me the weapon now.
Here it comes.
♪♪
Damn thing worked.
Alex: Leslie?!
He's down, you got him!
I got him.
♪♪
FBI! On the ground!
Drop the weapons now!
Get down, get down!
-Don't move!
-FBI! Weapons down, now!
Get down. Your hands.
Give me your hands.
Behind the back.
FBI. Put your hands
behind your back.
Put your hands
where I can see 'em.
♪♪
You really are
good with numbers.
You ever wonder if you're in
the right line of work?
All the time.
You ever wondered if you're in
the right line of work?
I have a few things
to figure out.
Yeah.
For now, I'm gonna stay here and
help my mom fix this place up.
All right.
Good luck, Les.
You need it more than me.
♪♪
You heading out,
dude?
Yeah,
something like that.
What's this?
♪♪
Owen, you told me
to forgive Jocelyn
for what happened
to Celine.
But Jocelyn doesn't need
my forgiveness.
She's fine.
I just watched her
shoot a man
and save my life
without even flinching.
You're all fine
and onto the next mission.
No time to mourn her,
right?
Deep.
Hey,
you're making a mistake.
Come on, mate.
Look, this might be
the first time
you've had a friend die --
She didn't die,
she was killed.
See?
I don't want to lose
my humanity.
I don't want to have to
put a knife in one of you
to survive someday.
I don't want to live
in the shadows
or with secrets
or beyond the law.
Don't any of you ever stop
to wonder who you are anymore?
Well, I don't want
to wonder who I am.
I want to stay me.
Resignation accepted.
Come here.
♪♪
You be good, okay?